chore: prepare public release (#15)
stryker-mutator/azure-devops-mutationreport-publisher: docs/extension-description.md

# Mutation Report Publisher

> Have you been trying out mutation testing using [Stryker](https://stryker-mutator.io) or any of the other mutation testing frameworks? Have you noticed that you forget to check the mutation results? Then this extension is for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you been using [Stryker](https://stryker-mutator.io) or any other mutation testing framework? With this extionsion it is easier than ever to see the results directly in your build result tab.
```

## Configuration

To use this extension all you have to do is add the `Publish Mutation Report` task to your build pipeline and set the path where the html report was generated.

Note: Make sure you add the publish step after the mutation test step and that you configure the mutation testing tool to generate the html report.

### YAML pipelines

In YAML pipelines add the following after the test step:

```YAML
- task: PublishMutationReport@0
  displayName: 'Publish Mutation Test Report'
  inputs:
    reportPattern: '**/mutation-report.html'
```

### Classic pipelines

In classic pipelines it could looks something like this:

> <!-- ![Classic pipelines task example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stryker-mutator/azure-devops-mutationreport-publisher/master/docs/images/classic-task-setup.png "Classic pipelines task example") replace below with this before master-->

Reviewer: This can be removed?

Author: The pictures need to be online hosted to be able to display them on the marketplace page, so you generally want to use the raw link to the master branch, but since the pictures are not yet on the master branch I had to temporarily use a feature branch url. I left them there as a reminder that they need to be changed back before merging to master.

![Classic pipelines task example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stryker-mutator/azure-devops-mutationreport-publisher/prepare-public-release/docs/images/classic-task-setup.png "Classic pipelines task example")

## What does this get you

> You now get a new tab on your build pipeline where you can click through the complete [mutation testing report](https://github.com/stryker-mutator/mutation-testing-elements) generated by your mutation test run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now get a new tab on your build pipeline where you can click through the complete mutation testing report generated by your mutation test run. When using Stryker the [mutation testing report](https://github.com/stryker-mutator/mutation-testing-elements) looks like:
```
